Added documentation for the changeTitle (#2782)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Angular/Directives/changeTitle/Index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.4.0
---

# changeTitle

> Setting the title of the page the user is working is important accessibility purposes; where people using assitive technology need to know what they are maintaining. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the title of the page the user is working on is important for accessibility purposes; where people using assistive technology need to know what they are maintaining. 
```

> By setting the page title people who work with multiple tabs will also find the page they were working on easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the page title, people who work with multiple tabs will also find the page they were working on easily.
```
